feat(treesitter): add injection language fallback (#24659)
neovim/neovim: runtime/doc/news.txt

    `client.supports_method(<method>)`. It considers both the dynamic
    capabilities and static `server_capabilities`.

• Treesitter
  • Bundled parsers and queries (highlight, folds) for Markdown, Python, and
    Bash.
  • Added |vim.treesitter.query.omnifunc()| for treesitter query files (set by
    default).
  • |Query:iter_matches()| now has the ability to set the maximum start depth
    for matches.

>   • `@injection.language` is now case insensitive and allows specifying a

Reviewer: This isn't quite true now.

```suggestion
  • `@injection.language` now has smarter resolution and will now fallback to language aliases and/or attempt lower case variants of the text.
```
